Folder-to-Parquet Transform (#1507)
data-prep-kit/data-prep-kit: transforms/universal/folder2parquet/README.md

# Folder2Parquet

> The Folder2Parquet transforms load content form files and folders into a parquet file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Folder2Parquet transform loads content from files and folders into a parquet file.
```

## Parameters

The transform can be initialized with the following parameters.

| Parameter                 | Default         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|---------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data_files_to_use`       | -               | The files extensions to be considered when running the transform. Example value `['.txt','.pdf','.docx','.pptx','.zip']`.                        |
| `fewer_parquets`              | False              | Reduce the number of parquet files by consolidating all files found in all subfolders in a single parquet. zip files will always be loaded into seperate zip files                                                                             |

>                                                   

Reviewer: Why are these missing from the readme when they're parameters in runtime.py?
>  content_column_cli_param = "f2p_content_column"
> file_name_column_cli_param = "f2p_file_name"
> document_uuid_column_cli_param = "f2p_document_uuid"

Author: Undocumented features... lol... will fix that :-)

Author: done. see commit  f24191a cc: @swith005

| Parameter                 | Default         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|---------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data_files_to_use`       | -               | The files extensions to be considered when running the transform. Example value `['.txt','.pdf','.docx','.pptx','.zip']`.                        |
| `fewer_parquets`              | False              | Reduce the number of parquet files by consolidating all files found in all subfolders in a single parquet. zip files will always be loaded into seperate zip files                                                                             |
| `f2p_content_column`              | 'binary_content'              | Name of the column where the file content is stored.                                                                              |

> | `f2p_file_name`              | 'file_name'              | Name of the column where the filename is stored                                                                             |                                            

Reviewer 2: We need a relative path to the files. These can be 2 separate columns or a single one.
